docs: add spec files (#17)
noble-assets/forwarding: spec/02-messages.md

# 02_messages

## Overview

> The `x/forwarding` module defines several messages concerning management of forwarding accounts and allowed denominations for IBC packet forwarding. These messages allow users to register and clear forwarding accounts, and update the list of denominations that can be forwarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `x/forwarding` module defines several messages concerning management of forwarding accounts and allowed denominations for automatic forwarding. These messages allow users to register and clear forwarding accounts, and an authority to update the list of denominations that can be forwarded.
```

### MsgRegisterAccount

> When `MsgRegisterAccount` is submitted, it creates a new forwarding account on the specified IBC channel. The message ensures that IBC packets are routed to the `recipient` address, with a fallback option if the primary routing fails. The `signer` is the address of the account who controls the forwarding account. The `fallback` must be a native address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `MsgRegisterAccount` is submitted, it creates a new forwarding account for a specified IBC channel. The message ensures that received tokens are automatically routed to the `recipient` address, with a fallback option if the primary routing fails. The `signer` is the native address of the account registering the forwarding account. The `fallback` must be a native address.
```

#### Structure

```Go
{

>   "type": "noble/forwarding/MsgRegisterAccount",

Reviewer: This string is defined here: https://github.com/noble-assets/forwarding/blob/main/proto/noble/forwarding/v1/tx.proto#L25

```suggestion
  "type": "noble/forwarding/RegisterAccount",
```

  "value": {

>     "signer": "cosmos1...",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "signer": "noble1...",
```

    "recipient": "cosmos1...",
    "channel": "channel-0",

>     "fallback": "cosmos1..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "fallback": "noble1..."
```

  }
}
```

#### Fields

- **signer**: the address of the account that is registering the forwarding account

> - **recipient**: the address where forwarded packets will be delivered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **recipient**: the address where forwarded tokens will be sent
```

- **channel**: the IBC channel through which the forwarding occurs
- **fallback**: the fallback address to use if forwarding to the primary recipient fails

### MsgClearAccount

> `MsgClearAccount` is used to clear a non-empty forwarding account, returning packets to the `fallback` address. If `fallback` is `false`, packets attempt to send at the end of the next block. The `signer` must have the necessary authority to perform this action.

Reviewer: Anyone can clear a forwarding account, as it's a permissionless action

```suggestion
`MsgClearAccount` is used to clear a non-empty forwarding account, returning tokens to the `fallback` address. If `fallback` is `false`, tokens attempt to send at the end of the current block.
```

#### Structure

```Go
{

>   "type": "noble/forwarding/MsgClearAccount",

Reviewer: https://github.com/noble-assets/forwarding/blob/main/proto/noble/forwarding/v1/tx.proto#L42

```suggestion
  "type": "noble/forwarding/ClearAccount",
```

  "value": {
    "signer": "cosmos1...",

>     "address": "cosmos1...",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "signer": "noble1...",
    "address": "noble1...",
```

    "fallback": true
  }
}
```

#### Fields

- **signer**: the address of the account that is clearing the forwarding account
- **address**: the address of the forwarding account to be cleared

> - **fallback**: a boolean indicating whether to use the fallback address for remaining packets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **fallback**: a boolean indicating whether to use the fallback address for receiving tokens
```

### MsgSetAllowedDenoms

> `MsgSetAllowedDenoms` is used to configure or update the list of token denominations that are allowed for IBC packet forwarding. This is important for maintaining control over which assets are eligible for forwarding, ensuring that only approved tokens are transferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MsgSetAllowedDenoms` is used to configure or update the list of token denominations that are allowed for automatic forwarding. This is important for maintaining control over which assets are eligible for forwarding, ensuring that only approved tokens are routed.
```

#### Structure

```Go
{

>   "type": "noble/forwarding/MsgSetAllowedDenoms",

Reviewer: https://github.com/noble-assets/forwarding/blob/main/proto/noble/forwarding/v1/tx.proto#L56

```suggestion
  "type": "noble/forwarding/SetAllowedDenoms",
```

  "value": {

>     "signer": "cosmos1...",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "signer": "noble1...",
```

    "denoms": [

>       "uatom",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "ausdy",
```
